Update docs to add new NS, CAA and SRV records and add FAQ About who are allowed to use NS records (#37)
is-a-dev/docs: src/docs/domain-structure/index.md

  }
}
```
- **NS** record: This must be a list of hostnames. These hostnames specify the authoritative DNS servers for your domain.
```json
{
  "record": {
    "NS": [
      "ns1.example.com",
      "ns2.example.com"
    ]
  }
}
```
Note: Please refer to the [frequently asked questions](https://is-a.dev/docs/faq/) for clarification on what or who we allow NS records for.

> -**SRV** record: This must be a list of service records. Each record specifies the priority, weight, port, and target for a service on your domain. SRV records are often used for services such as VoIP, messaging, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SRV** record: This must be a list of service records. Each record specifies the priority, weight, port, and target for a service on your domain. SRV records are often used for services such as VoIP, messaging, and more.
```

```json
{
  "record": {
    "SRV": [
      {
        "priority": 10,
        "weight": 5,
        "port": 8080,
        "target": "srv.example.com"
      },
      {
        "priority": 20,
        "weight": 10,
        "port": 9090,
        "target": "srv2.example.com"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> -**CAA** record: This must be a list of Certification Authority Authorization (CAA) records. Each record specifies the authority permitted to issue SSL certificates for your domain, with fields for `flags`, `tag`, and `value`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CAA** record: This must be a list of Certification Authority Authorization (CAA) records. Each record specifies the authority permitted to issue SSL certificates for your domain, with fields for `flags`, `tag`, and `value`.
```

```js
{
  "record": {
    "CAA": [
      {
        "flags": 0,
        "tag": "issue",
        "value": "letsencrypt.org"
      },
      {
        "flags": 0,
        "tag": "issuewild",
        "value": "comodoca.com"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> ### proxy (optional)
> This feild is where you specify whether you want to enable Cloudflare proxy for your domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### proxied (*optional*)
Enable Cloudflare proxy for your domain. Disabled by default.
```
